doc/INSTALL.md, before:

ccache installation from source repository
==========================================

Prerequisites
-------------

To build ccache from a source repository, you need:

- A C compiler (for instance GCC)
- GNU Bourne Again SHell (bash) for tests.
- [AsciiDoc](http://www.methods.co.nz/asciidoc/) to build the HTML
  documentation.
- [xsltproc](http://xmlsoft.org/XSLT/xsltproc2.html) to build the man page.
- [Autoconf](http://www.gnu.org/software/autoconf/) to generate the configure
  script and related files.
- [gperf](http://www.gnu.org/software/gperf/) to create lookup tables.

It is also recommended that you have:

- [zlib](http://www.zlib.net) (if you don't have zlib installed, ccache will
  use a bundled copy)

To debug and run the performance test suite you'll also need:

- [Python](http://www.python.org)


Installation
------------

To compile and install ccache, run these commands:

    ./autogen.sh
    ./configure
    make
    make install

You may set the installation directory and other parameters by options to
`./configure`. To see them, run `./configure --help`.

There are two ways to use ccache. You can either prefix your compilation
commands with `ccache` or you can create a symbolic link (named as your
compiler) to ccache. The first method is most convenient if you just want to
try out ccache or wish to use it for some specific projects. The second method
is most useful for when you wish to use ccache for all your compilations.

To install for usage by the first method just copy ccache to somewhere in your
path.

To install for the second method, do something like this:

    cp ccache /usr/local/bin/
    ln -s ccache /usr/local/bin/gcc
    ln -s ccache /usr/local/bin/g++
    ln -s ccache /usr/local/bin/cc
    ln -s ccache /usr/local/bin/c++

And so forth. This will work as long as `/usr/local/bin` comes before the path
to the compiler (which is usually in `/usr/bin`). After installing you may wish
to run `which gcc` to make sure that the correct link is being used.

NOTE: Do not use a hard link, use a symbolic link. A hard link will cause
"interesting" problems.

Commit message:

Require libzstd and remove zlib support
* zlib has been removed. Good riddance!
* libzstd is now required for building ccache. However, it’s not bundled
  like zlib was.
* To make it easier to build ccache on systems that lack an easily
  installable libzstd, the configure script now offers a
  --with-libzstd-from-internet option, which downloads a zstd source
  release archive, unpacks it in the tree and sets up the Makefile to
  build the library and link ccache (statically) with it.
* Enabled compression by default.
* Made compression level 0 mean “use a default level suitable for the
  current compression algorithm”. For zstd, that’s initially level -1,
  but that could change in the future. The reason for using 0 as a
  special marker is that a future alternative compression algorithm
  could have another reasonable default than zstd. (Let’s hope that
  future algorithms don’t use level 0 for something.)
* Changed default compression level to 0.

Closes #413.

doc/INSTALL.md, after:

ccache installation from source repository
==========================================

Prerequisites
-------------

To build ccache from a source repository, you need:

- A C compiler (for instance GCC)
- GNU Bourne Again SHell (bash) for tests.
- [AsciiDoc](http://www.methods.co.nz/asciidoc/) to build the HTML
  documentation.
- [xsltproc](http://xmlsoft.org/XSLT/xsltproc2.html) to build the man page.
- [Autoconf](http://www.gnu.org/software/autoconf/) to generate the configure
  script and related files.
- [gperf](http://www.gnu.org/software/gperf/) to create lookup tables.
- [libzstd](http://www.zstd.net). If you don't have libzstd installed and can't
  or don't want to install it on your system, you can pass
  `--with-libzstd-from-internet` to the configure script, which will make the
  script download libzstd from the Internet and unpack it in the local source
  tree. ccache will then be linked statically to the locally built libzstd.

To debug and run the performance test suite you'll also need:

- [Python](http://www.python.org)


Installation
------------

To compile and install ccache, run these commands:

    ./autogen.sh
    ./configure
    make
    make install

You may set the installation directory and other parameters by options to
`./configure`. To see them, run `./configure --help`.

There are two ways to use ccache. You can either prefix your compilation
commands with `ccache` or you can create a symbolic link (named as your
compiler) to ccache. The first method is most convenient if you just want to
try out ccache or wish to use it for some specific projects. The second method
is most useful for when you wish to use ccache for all your compilations.

To install for usage by the first method just copy ccache to somewhere in your
path.

To install for the second method, do something like this:

    cp ccache /usr/local/bin/
    ln -s ccache /usr/local/bin/gcc
    ln -s ccache /usr/local/bin/g++
    ln -s ccache /usr/local/bin/cc
    ln -s ccache /usr/local/bin/c++

And so forth. This will work as long as `/usr/local/bin` comes before the path
to the compiler (which is usually in `/usr/bin`). After installing you may wish
to run `which gcc` to make sure that the correct link is being used.

NOTE: Do not use a hard link, use a symbolic link. A hard link will cause
"interesting" problems.
